docs(contrib): update protobuf install guides (#1992)
googleapis/google-cloud-rust: generator/README.md

### Installing `protoc`: the Protobuf Compiler

> The generator uses the protobuf compiler, `protoc`, with the `--retain_options`
> flag. 
> 
> Ensure that you have `protoc` installed and that its version is >= v23.0.

Reviewer: I think the `retain_options` thing will change over time.  Maybe something like:

```suggestion
The generator and its unit tests use `protoc`, the Protobuf compiler. Ensure you have `protoc >= v23.0` installed and it is found via your `$PATH`.
```

Author: done and also changes on the contrib guide

Reviewer 2: meh, `--retain_options` is why `>= v23.0` is required. It also shows up in the protobuf error, which could have led someone to this doc.

I would have left it in (but obviously I would say that, because I wrote the sentence initially). It's fine though.
